well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
houston and intelligence
we've got three questions coming in two
are specific to houston
the third is related but kind of
separate
um the first two questions
are basically is is the trump
administration's narrative
on this accurate is it true
and the other question is is the trump
administration's narrative on this
politically motivated the answer to both
of those is
probably yes um
if you were to go back in time and
listen to
a diplomat advising caesar
you would hear that diplomat try to
explain
the intent of whoever they're talking
about
try to explain what the other side
is going to do that
summed up that's intelligence work
intelligence work is about discerning
the intent of the opposition group
so diplomacy and intelligence work
they go hand in hand and they have
forever
every embassy ran by every country
everywhere in the world engages in
intelligence work they all have spies
there
every single one of them there are no
exceptions to this
um the
history of giving a spy a diplomatic
cover
goes back forever as well
if you ever meet somebody who is an
attache
at an embassy just assume
they're a spy you're that's not always
true
but you're gonna be right more than
you're wrong
this is especially true if they are a
legal attache
they're pretty much all spies so
the idea that the chinese government
was spying on us that's a fact
the idea that it was happening at at
that specific consulate
in the way it was being described
99 fact was it politically motivated
probably probably because this is a game
you don't hear about spies getting
arrested very often
because it's always preferable to feed
the opposition government bad
information
that that's always a better course of
action
over arresting them so
the fact that the intelligence agencies
chose to make arrests
rather than run a disinformation
campaign that was probably politically
motivated
but yeah it was probably happening
the trump administration has chosen
we've already talked about it
in that video let's talk about how trump
could win
they've chosen china as the external
enemy they're going to ratchet up
tensions
any way they can this is a way to do
that but that doesn't mean
that the chinese weren't spying on us
they they
they most certainly were um
just the way it was handled may have
been politically motivated
probably was it's it's really unlikely
that they had all of this information
but couldn't figure out a way to exploit
that information
without arresting them that
that doesn't seem likely it's possible
but it's not really likely
okay so the the side question here
is why are foreign intelligence services
spying
on our medical research right now
because of the public health crisis
um
the current crisis and trump's
mismanagement of it
his failure to contain it his failure to
control this
it's not just a public health issue it's
a national security one
any country that is opposition or may
become
opposition to the united states at some
point the future
they're taking notes they are taking
notes they're writing down they're
learning everything they can about our
response
to include the research and how that
research is conducted they're not really
concerned
with the final product that's probably
going to be shared anyway they want to
know how it's done
because they're trying to determine a
window
there are very very very few countries
that can even remotely hold a candle to
the united states military going toe to
toe
they have to find some way to level the
playing field
trump's failure to manage this
showed exactly how vulnerable the united
states
is to this type of warfare
all in an opposition group has to do
is wage a troll campaign
casting doubt on medical experts and
education in general given our cultural
bias
against intelligence um and
and education this is really easy so
they run a disinformation campaign at
the same time they release something
and we're crippled we're hit
then monitoring the research process
gives them a window into
how long we would be our forces would be
degraded by this
so that's what they're trying to figure
out most times
when you're talking about intelligence
work the information itself
doesn't matter it's not about what's
found out
that that's secret it's how the
information was developed
or obtained right now they're not really
concerned
about the final product of the research
they're trying to figure out how the
research is conducted so they can
disrupt it
if they need to so they can increase
that window
because of the the human cost
of trump's errors in this regard that's
what everybody's focusing on
the national security costs of trump's
errors in managing this
are huge are huge and it's something
that we're going to be paying for
for decades we're going to have to spend
tons of money very publicly
so other nations know that we've
improved our abilities
when the reality is our abilities were
pretty good to begin with
the administration just didn't use them
um so that's why they're concerned with
the research
it's not that it's not that medical
professionals
aren't sharing and aren't cooperating
really it's more about
them trying to figure out how they can
disrupt the research process
to make us more vulnerable because
the administration showed the underbelly
of a national defense issue
it openly displayed a weakness
and every opposition country in the
world or countries that may become
opposition
they're trying to figure out how to
exploit that
anyway it's just a thought y'all uh
y'all have a good day